Minor fixes in clister documentation (#1719)
redis/redis-doc: topics/cluster-tutorial.md

in the `redis.conf` file. Some will be obvious, others will be more clear
as you continue reading.

> * **cluster-enabled `<yes/no>`**: If yes, enables Redis Cluster support in a specific Redis instance. Otherwise the instance starts as a standalone instance as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **cluster-enabled `<yes/no>`**: If yes, enables Redis Cluster support in a specific Redis instance. Otherwise the instance starts as a stand-alone instance as usual.
```
